Amichai-Hamburger & Vinizky (2010)
  Extraversion:
    number of friends
    negative with amount of posted personal information
      (Operationalize as longer bio for low extra/shorter for high extra)
  Openness:
    amount of posted personal information
    used more features from personal info section (more expressive)
      (Operationalize as more emoji in bio)
  Neuro:
    More likely to post photos on Facebook profile
    Low and high share more basic info (more selfies, more bio)
      Emotionally secure shares more because secure
      Emotionally insecure looking for self assurance
  Agree:
    Interaction of agreeableness and gender
    U shaped correlation between agree and number of picture
  Con:
    related to number of friends
    Less use of picture upload

Gosling (2011):
  Extraversion:
    number of friends,
    number of friends in local network.
    maintaining up to date presence
    tending to social bonds (commenting on other pages)

  Openness:
    Number of friends,
    more number of local network friends,
    more number of networks
    more photos of new activities
    more photos of new people
    more photos of new things

  Conscientiousness:
    Procrastinators can avoid work
    low con people spend more time on FB

  Agreeableness:
    More views on pages (any/others/own) (notifications would be perfect for this)

My Research:
  Neuro:
    low Venting/ranting
    high controlling self-presentation
  Extraversion:
    high Talking with intimate group of friends
    low talking to large unknown audience
  Agree:

  Con:
    Post control
    Creating and controlling photos
  Open:
    More open on ephemeral media
    authentic self presentation


Chosen Characters:
Open:
  High: ID:22 Fool rambling_traveler / (ID:17 Star star_striker) Just fool for now (day 1)
    Operationalization: Lots of new photos, activities, people, places, etc.
    (post goal of like 10 per day)
    More expressive in bio, more emoji in bio/posts/comments

  Low: ID:5 Hierophant bishop.bobby (1 day)
    Operationalization: Not new photos, same thing constantly.
    Not expressive in bio, no emoji in bio/posts/comments

Con:
  High: ID: 4 Emperor Emperor_B (1 day)
    Operationalization: Tight control of posts (only specific things), not many photos,
    not much "time" on SM (so few posts/comments). Tight grammar control

  Low: ID: 10 Wheel of Fortune wheel_in_the_sky (1day)
    Operationalization: Loose control of posts, pictures of drinking, being sloppy, etc.
    Much more "time" on SM (lots of posts/comments). Mispellings

Extra:
  High: ID: 7 Chariot gottagofast (did 4 or so)
    Operationalization: Lots of friends (high read only, high likes),
    lots of comments with friends, Short bio.
    I've added a lot of call outs to people, generic positive post type things

  Low: ID: 9 Hermit hidden_hermit (did one as example)
    Operationalization: Few friends (very low read, zero likes), no comments, long bio

Agree:
  High: ID: 6 Lovers love_them_all (1 example)
    Operationalization: Lots of notifications (not currently working)
    High post lots of pictures. Content is very kind, warm, loving, supportive

  Low: ID: 15 Devil Devil.in.the.Details (1 example)
    Operationalization: No notifications, lots of pictures.
    Low post lots of pictures. Content is cold, aggressive, mean, but not pointless

Neuro:
  High: ID:14 Temperance total_balance (1 example)
    Longer bio (because emotionally secure), control over posts, content is always positive

  Low: ID: 18 Moon luna_lover (day 1)
    Longer bio (because looking for reassurance), no post control, content has venting/ranting
    Also some vague-booking

Persona approach from HCI. Think about narrative framing and challenges of generating a Character
that expresses particular properties. Not necessarily like narrative, but speaking to concerns about writing.
By subtle behavioral cues, trying to signal aspects of a person.
Talk about what I tried to do,
Framing critique will be difficult. Explain some stuff in the setup.
Give them a clue, "imagine you are trapped in SM with these people, I've given them SM behaviors, try and
see if you can match people to each of these descriptions"

Lit on social media and autism (training tool for people with autism)

Is there lit on making personality persona?

FOR TEXT POSTS DON"T USE blank.jpg. USE AN IMAGE WITH TEXT A LA FACEBOOK/INSTA

GAAAANNNNSSSS generate the same person but different races, see how people interact!!!!

RtD crafting through personas, crafting how people look at dimensions of people in SM space
