Notes for Tarot generation
0: The Fool. Denotes the positive inner forces which influence an individual in his/her choices
  Reversed: The choice is foolish, inner forces will work against you

1: The Magician. Denotes the ability to translate ideas into action, to use psychic powers to advantage; skill, diplomacy, self-confidence.
  Reversed: The use of power for destructive ends. Bad luck

2: High Priestess. Denotes the feminine principle of love and relatedness; the ideal wide and mother, supportive of those she loves; mystery, wisdom, unrevealed influences at work
  Reversed: Indicates superficial qualities, physical passion divorced from love

3: Empress. Fertility in body or mind, initiate, action, bountiful harvest. Good luck.
  Reversed: Sterility, wastefulness of resources, indecision, disruption of life at home or in society.

4: Emperor. Authority. One who is master of his/her emotions; active intelligence able to realize ideas.
  Reversed: Immaturity. Tendency to be gullible. Limited self-control

5: Hierophant. One who lads one away from too worldly concerns. Possibility of marriage or alliance of some kind
  Reversed: Unorthodox, openness to new ideas, unconventional

6: Conflict between different attractions and the necessity of choice which means responsibility. Beauty, inner harmony.
  Reversed: Quarrels, frustration in romance or marriage; failure

7: Chariot. Control over tension of opposites. Triumph over all difficulties through perseverance; a balanced life; success.
  Reversed: Failure in carrying out a project, riot, litigation

8: Strength. Courage, magnanimity, persistence, patience, spiritual power. Able to offset bad luck in surrounding cards.
  Reversed: Weakness, possible loss of honor, discord.

9: Hermit. Withdrawal; meditation on meaning of lie; predicts a meeting with one who will counsel
  Reversed: Denotes an inability or refusal to mature, to deepen one's wisdom with one's years.

10: Wheel of Fortune. The ups and downs of life, constant change. One must find the still center for tranquillity.
  Reversed: The quality of involvement will be the measure of your reward.

11: Justice. Balance, sense of proportion in one's self and life; in another sense the card means accountability for actions
  Reversed: Predicts lawlessness, injustice, lack of balance.

12: Hanged Man. Can denote spirituality, intuition, self-sacrifice.
  Reversed: Concentration on oneself; egoist; opposed to spiritual influences

13: Death. Death, rebirth, generally in areas of one's consciousness. Great change in one's life
  Reversed: Lethargy, stagnation.

14: Temperance. Mature adaptation to whatever life offers; individualized existence.
  Reversed: Conflicting interests in business or personal life; unfortunate combinations.

15: Devil. Lack of essential humanity; emphasis on material things to detriment of others. Destructive fource.
  Reversed: Possibility of spiritual understanding; tendency to vacillation, pettiness.

16: Tower. Unforeseen catastrophe, disruption of one's style of life or way of thinking which may be followed by enlightmenment.
  Reversed: Tyranny, threats to one's freedom. The same as above in lesser degree.

17: Star. Inspiration. A glimpse of a transcendent way of life. Good health.
  Reverse: Illness, pessimism, haughtiness.

18: Moon. A yearning for fulfilment. Unforeseen perils; threatening situations possibly to loved ones. Psychic forces.
  Reverse: Peace will come after difficult period.

19: Sun. Contentment, liberation, attainment of personal or business goals.
  Reverse: Uncertainty of future plans; loss of something of value.

20: Judgement. Growing awareness; shift in personal consciousness toward union with the universal.
  Reverse: Physical health threatened, disillusionment, separation, loss of worldly goods.

21: World. Reward completion, cosmic consciousness; also change, travel.
  Reverse: Cramped vision; fear of change; stagnation.
